---
date: 2025-03-01
tags:
  - VEN
  - TSP
  - null
---

# VEN vs TSP | 2025-03-01

## Game

### Pre-game

- Runes - Galio should take Phase Rush (preferably) or Arcane Comet, Zeri could take scaling runes, Conditioning + Overgrowth instead of inspiration, Renata should take Font of Life, Conditioning, Revitalize and inspiration secondary with Cosmic Insight + Cash Back
- JPath - Always start on a Blue or Red buff (everyone does it), you will walk less overall to clear the camps. They only start on raptors or wolves if they are scared of getting invaded

### Timings

- **00:00** - When you have champions with dashes, only upgrade the ability when waves meet in lane mto watch out for invades
- **03:30** - Diana ganking Galio 4fun wasting 15 seconds
- **06:10** - Nice 1v1 but using tp after is inting
- **06:15** - Makes no sense trading in bot lane when enemy jungle is bot side and wave is coming to us
- **07:00** - Diana invading is a bist risky, no prio in mid
- **07:25** - K'sante has a freeze on top lane which could led to a possible gank, but we break the freeze using random abilities and Diana keeps power farming (No communication when there is a clear free advantage)
- **09:00** - Another Diana flip invade, Diana invades without checking for vision (and Diana WAS ON VISION) if enemies are a bit better, Diana would be collapsed on
- **10:35** - Why is K'sante going back to the neutral wave instead of covering Diana on grubs? Why is Diana starting grubs without vision? Why does Diana wants to flip again when there is a free 6 grubs?
- **11:45** - Renata should use spells sooner
- **12:55** - Why is Zeri breaking the freeze when Diana is going to the other side of the map? If Zeri freezed it would be a free gank or just a safer lane
- **13:10** - Zeri should not use abilities that prevent movement when there is an enemy close
- **15:30** - K'sante flips 1v1 in top lane when we don't now about enemy jungler and the next objective spawning is in top side of the map. K'sante should just save is things and get prio orr a recall for the objective
- **17:45** - Diana wastes smite before objective and calls to contest it just to call out after because there was no smite
- **18:35** - Galio pathing is pure int
- **28:40** - Diana Aura farming in mid lane? Why is Diana not going with bot lane to clear jungle vision?
- **30:20** - Just cancel recalls, try to avoid fights as much as possible we are out numbered
- **32:20** - Diana, Zeri and renata should recall after clearing the waves and wards in enemy jungle instead of stayin on the map losing us Baron
